hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie don't
listen 2020.
as the film starts we are shown a man
named daniel
at that time daniel was taking out the
ball of his son from the pool
then we are shown the son of daniel
something was happening strange to him
for a few days
that is that he listens to the horror
voices at night
due to it he couldn't sleep because of
this
the nature of daniel's son was changing
he remained silent and his behavior with
his parents was also not good
after seeing the condition of their son
his parents call a physiatrist
that doctor talks to the son of daniel
then that boy tells the doctor about
those voices he listens at night
daniel's son says that voices ask me to
draw a painting and to make a drawing
these things seem weird to that doctor
that doctor tells his parents that these
are just his imaginations
nothing else than this recently you are
shifted to a new house that's why your
kid is feeling alone
after telling all these things the
doctor leaves from there
but then weird voices come from that
doctor's car
on the other side daniel's son was
making a drawing
during driving a fly moves into the
doctor's ear
due to it that doctor feels irritation
then doctor's eyes were filled with
tears her condition gets worse
meanwhile the car loses its balance that
car collapses with a tree
a branch of the tree stabs into the
doctor's mouth and that doctor dies
badly
when she dies that fly moves out of her
ear then it flies
daniel's son had also completed his
drawing
in the painting which he draws it is
shown that the branches of the tree are
bleeding
the father of that kid daniel sees that
there are many flies in the small part
of the wall
daniel was irritated by the flies and he
was trying to make them fly with the
spray
but then daniel's son calls him he says
father come and help me
please take out the ball from the pool
then daniel takes out his son's ball
with it he asks his son don't go near
the pool now
then daniel's wife calls her son for the
shower
that kid was also listening to the
strange voices in the washroom from the
wakitaki
after it that kid asks his mother that
his father doesn't love him
does he hate me on it his mother replies
that no son there is nothing like that
your father loves you a lot at night
daniel's wife asks daniel that did you
say anything to the kid
on it daniel says that no i didn't say
anything
here daniel understands that his son
said something to his mother
that's why he tries to make his wife
understand
that our son is alone that's why he is
behaving like this
when someone will become his friend in
school he will be normal
at the midnight some horrible and
strange voices were coming from near the
pool
due to it daniel wakes up he goes to
close the gate
but when daniel leaves he sees that his
son was talking with someone on the
walkie-talkie
in that kid's room suddenly his toy
plays that kid turns off the toy
but then he sees behind the curtain he
realizes that someone is standing behind
the curtain
due to it he gets scared and goes back
to his bed
but then that kid feels that slowly
someone is moving towards him
suddenly someone holds his face but
during this daniel's hand hits the photo
frame
it falls down and breaks due to it
daniel's hand was wounded and starts
bleeding
the next day daniel's wife comes and
tells him that our kid had been
suspended from school
because he did a strange thing in the
school he hides there in a cupboard and
he also bites the principal
so her mother says that the doctor will
come every day to meet you
that kid answers that the doctor is dead
hearing it
his parents thought that our kid is
talking uselessly
but then after some time daniel receives
a call
he comes to know that doctor was
actually dead
but then they think that someone maybe
told our son in the school about the
death of that doctor
at night that kid was again hearing some
voices from that walkie talkie
while hearing those voices he was also
making a drawing
then we see the soul of a lady in that
kid's room
that was the one who was irritating them
tonight some voices were also heard near
the pool
then to check daniel goes outside he
feels something strange outside
he takes his gun with him going there he
finds the clothes of his son
due to it he gets worried he runs
towards the pool
while listening to daniel's voice his
wife also wakes up
she goes to her son's room to check him
she doesn't find her son there
when daniel arrives near the pool he
finds the dead body of his son in the
pool while swimming
daniel immediately takes his son's body
outside
he comes to know that his son is dead
after losing their son his parents were
sad
then his mother decides to go to her
mother's house for few days
then she packs her luggage suddenly she
sees the pillow
there was a blood spot on that pillow
she thinks that it will be the mark of
the injury of daniel's hand
when daniel's wife leaves from there
then he was watching those videos when
they newly shifted in this house
their son was excited to come into this
house
daniel gets sad while seeing those
videos
then daniel hears the voices around him
he turns off the tv and about to leave
from there
but then the tv automatically turns on
daniel again turns off the tv
he comes outside and says hello on the
walkie talkie
but he doesn't get any response from the
other side
then daniel sends a voice message to her
wife
to know about her there was noise in
that voice message so his wife calls him
his wife asks that are you okay because
there were strange voices in your voice
message
when the call ends daniel listens to
that voice message
this time he gets shocked after
listening to that voice note
then to hear the voice accurately he
listens to that voice after upgrading
his laptop
this time he hears the voice of his son
he was asking for help
here daniel feels these all things
paranormal
before the death of his son daniel had
watched the interview of the paranormal
investigator
then he goes to meet that paranormal
he tells him about all the incidents
which happened in his house
he also tells him about his son's voices
he asks for help from that paranormal
investigator
at first he refuses but daniel makes him
agree to help him
then that paranormal investigator
arrives at daniel's house with his
daughter
the name of that paranormal
investigator's daughter was ruth
after going there ruth sets the cameras
in the whole house
then after setting all things they try
to listen to the voices in that house
but then ruth sees someone was sitting
in the room
she tells this to her father she says
that daniel is showing on the camera
asks him to go outside
ruth's father says that he can't be
daniel because
daniel is sitting outside ruth's father
goes to that room to check
but he didn't see anyone there he
listens to the voice of her daughter
ruth
she was saying her father to leave that
room as soon as possible
because that ghost that soul was near
her father
ruth's father doesn't see anyone there
then after some time
a loud sound produces in her father's
headphones
due to it he gets nervous and scared
seeing all this ruth's father says that
something supernatural or paranormal is
happening here
so to check this thing we will again try
tomorrow
at night ruth's father sees someone
outside the room
he comes out while following the thing
ruth's father sees that there was his
wife who was dead
so he tries to talk to her but ruth's
mother traps her husband
she also gives him food and wine she
says that we will stay together
always then she cuts the hand of ruth's
father with a sharp knife
but ruth comes there and brings her
father back in his senses
after coming to his senses he sees that
he is cutting his hand himself
on the other side we see that daniel's
wife received someone's call
she listens to the call and there was
his son on the call
he was saying to her mother that his
father had brought someone at home to
harm him
daniel's wife asks him that son where
are you right now
on it that kid says that i am hiding
under my bed
after hearing his son's voice daniel's
wife decides to go back home as soon as
possible
coming outside ruth sees that there were
the dead bodies of the cats were hanging
on a tree
when daniel was burying the dead bodies
of those cats his wife comes there
she asks daniel that what are they doing
here why they come here
a lady calls ruth near her she tells the
reality of that house
she asks her to leave this place because
it is dangerous
daniel's wife seeing her son under the
bed after some time daniel's wife sees
her son
she was about to go to her son but that
kid immediately goes under the bed
when his mother sees under the bed she
sees the feet of someone on the other
side of the bed
those feet were now coming to the bed
but when she sees on the bed there was
none
due to it daniel's wife gets scared
that's why she tries to escape from
there
but then she finds a lady behind her
that lady puts a hand on her mouth
then ruth's father tells daniel about
this house
that many years before a witch was
tortured and killed in this house
the dead bodies of cats that are found
are actually used in black magic or
ritual
during this daniel's wife hangs herself
and commits suicide
she jumps from the window here after the
death of daniel's wife
her ear was also bleeding and a fly also
comes out of her ear
after his son losing his wife daniel
becomes sad
he decides that i will come to know that
who killed my wife and son
then suddenly daniel sees his wife and
his son
but as he takes off the curtain they
disappear from there
then suddenly that ghost attacks daniel
ruth was seeing the footage of daniel's
wife
she notices that when daniel's wife
hanged herself that ghost was also there
at that time
then they hear the voice of the fire
from the walkie-talkie
they hurriedly go there and try to relax
daniel
then ruth's father tells daniel that the
witch was tortured here under this house
on it daniel says i know the way to go
that place
daniel breaks that wall where were the
flies after breaking the wall they find
a secret place there
there was also a skeleton of a witch
after touching that skeleton
ruth's father comes to know that how
that witch was being tortured
then they decide to burn the skeleton of
that witch
ruth's father sprinkles the petrol on
that skeleton
he asks ruth to wait outside but as he
goes underground the flashlight stopped
working
that witch attacks ruth's father ruth
calls her father many times but no voice
comes from inside
then ruth sees her mother she was dead
but she was calling ruth near her
ruth understands the whole thing that
this is the trick of the ghost of that
witch
so she doesn't go to her mother due to
it her mother
disappears from there after it the witch
comes into its real getup and starts
frightening ruth
daniel was searching for the petrol then
he sees his wife and son
they asked daniel that will he live with
them hearing it
daniel hugs them but actually they
weren't his wife and son
that was the witch and he was hugging
the witch
that was a trick of the witch daniel was
entrapped by the witch
that's why he sprinkles petrol on
himself he was about to set himself on
fire
to live for his wife and son for always
ruth's father was doing preparations to
burn that skeleton
but then ruth comes there and attacks
her father
she stops him to do this because she was
possessed by that witch
then at the same time ruth's father
succeeds to set that skeleton on fire
due to it ruth comes to her senses now
she was normal
daniel was also saved everything was
normal now
daniel was watching the drawing made by
his son
he sees that the method of everyone's
death was already decided
that how will someone die while seeing a
drawing daniel remembers something
he remembers that night when he hears
the voice he remembers that he was also
possessed by a fly
he killed his son while drowning him in
the pool
when he slept that flight came out from
his ear
and a drop of blood fell on that pillow
his wife was thinking that was the blood
of his wound
after knowing all this daniel feels sad
he was sad and also regretting what he
had done
that's why he goes near the pool and
kills himself while shooting himself
with a gun
here we come to know that daniel's son
had drawn the method of his father and
his own death already
then we see that which was seeing daniel
this means that it was not dead
it was still alive means they couldn't
finish that witch
then we see ruth and her father they
were seeing the footage of someone
there was a girl in that footage and she
was possessed by a soul
means now they will help that girl with
it this movie ends here
thank you for watching subscribe and
don't forget to hit the bell icon